# MyTimeScheduling
The ProgramDay method in this code snippet is a recursive method that generates a schedule for a day by adding video items (e.g., movies, ad slides, interstitials) to a stack in a particular order. The method takes as input a stack of video items that have already been scheduled, a TimeSpan object representing the duration of a "colita" (which is not defined in the code snippet), references to a Movie object representing the current movie being played and a VideoItem object representing the current segment being played, and a TimeSpan object representing an "offset".

The method starts by checking if the stack of video items is empty, in which case it initializes the stack and adds an "offset" video item to it if the offset is not equal to zero. Then, the method checks if the time remaining in the day (i.e., TimeSpan.FromDays(1) minus the accumulated duration of the video items already added to the stack) is less than the duration of the colita. If this is the case, the method returns the stack. Otherwise, the method continues processing.

The method then retrieves the topmost video item in the stack and checks its type. If the video item is a segment, the method adds two minutes of ad slides or interstitials to the stack. If the video item is not a segment, the method checks if the current movie has more segments to play. If this is the case, the method adds the next segment of the current movie to the stack. If the current movie has no more segments, the method checks if there are more movies in the queue. If there are, it adds a new movie to the schedule by calling the AddNewMovie method. If there are no more movies in the queue, the method returns the stack.

The ProgramDay method uses recursion to repeat this process until the time remaining in the day is less than the duration of the colita or there are no more movies in the queue. It also makes use of the AddVideoItemToSchedule method, which adds a given video item to the stack and updates the accumulated duration of the video items in the stack.
